Users and groups:
                 - Linux was assigned to allow more than one user to have access to the system at the same time.
                 - In order for this multiuser design to work properly, there needs to be a method to protect users from each other.  
Read,Write and Execute permission:
1. Read : Allows the contents of the file to be viewed.Read permission allows you to list the contents of the directory
2. write : Allows to modify the contents of that file.
3. Execute : Allows you to runt the file and execute a program or script.

To view the permissons on file or directory the command is :
         ls -l <directory/file>
Sample output of the ls command : 
         -rw-r--r-- 1 root root May 07 05 21 /etc/passwd
         The 1st dast(-) indicates type of file (d for directory,s for special file, - for a regular file).
         The next 3 characters (rw-)defines the owners permission to the file In this example the file owner has read and write permission only.
         The next 3 characters (r--)  permission for the members of the same group as file owner(read only}
         The last 3 characters (r--) permission for the other users(read only)
         
Groupadd: In linux there can be many users of a single system.
          groupadd command is used to create a new user group.
          Example:
          sudo groupadd developers
          To verify that the group has been created command is :
          sudo tail /etc/group
Useradd: 'Useradd' command is low level utility that is used for adding user account in linux.
          useradd command used to create new user account.
          Example: 
          useradd developer 
          We add a new user in linux with user add  command its gets created in locked state and to unlock that user account we need to set password.
          command: $ passwd developer
                   changing the password for user developer
                   new password:
                   Retype new password:
To switch the user command is :
su -username.
                   
